BUG: Table can be created empty with rows=[] to be same as rows=None (#17689)
astropy/astropy: docs/changes/table/17689.bugfix.rst

> ``rows=[]`` now behaves like ``rows=None`` when creating a Table with no data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initializing a Table with ``rows=[]`` or ``data=[]`` is now equivalent to
``Table(data=None, ...)`` and creates a zero-length table. This allows
defining the table names and/or dtype when creating the table, for instance:
``Table(rows=[], names=["a", "b"], dtype=[int, float])``. Previously this
raised an exception.
```
